[Docs] Adds language design to contributing section and restructures it a bit (#9773)
ethereum/solidity: docs/brand-guide.rst

When using the Solidity logo, please respect the Solidity logo guidelines.

> You can download the logo `here <https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/docs/logo.svg>`_.

Reviewer: Not sure about blind people specifically but I think that having the link title say what it links too is good for accessibility overall.

```suggestion
You can download `logo.svg <https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/develop/docs/logo.svg>`_ from our repository.
```

Reviewer 2: I think the link is actually redundant since the logo is right below.

Author: I think it's not since the path to the svg version should be linked somewhere. :) (also outlined in the original issue https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/6516)

Reviewer 3: It is the svg:
![Screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20340/93449000-1fdfd100-f8cc-11ea-9628-ffd01f092ba2.png)

Author: If you all think it's enough fair enough... I think it doesn't hurt to make it more explicit.

Reviewer 3: We are trying to limit the links to the github repository to avoid dead links in the future (given each documentation version is archived).

I guess one alternative could be saying right click to download the logo?

Author: Good idea, I've adjusted it!
